[Music]
hey there you ever heard of parallel
dimensions that you have and what if I
told you they really exist I've got a
story to tell you and you're probably
not gonna believe it
but here it is anyway you know I was
just an ordinary guy working as a mascot
meeting with my bright friends well the
usual stuff like everyone else
I enjoyed sci-fi movies and books but I
didn't really believe the things they
showed were for real at least until I
stumbled upon this object it was lying
in a ditch near the street where I
usually walk home from work I don't even
know what made me pick it up it looked
like some kind of an mp3 player with
just three buttons I turned it this way
and that and then press the middle
button what happened next was
inexplicable I felt as if I were jerked
by some invisible hand over my head and
legs and then before I could realize
what was happening I found myself in a
totally different place well in fact the
place was the same but it felt
absolutely different something was off
but what and then I noticed you see
there's a movie theater further down the
street and a huge poster on its front
made me start it said for the 20th
anniversary of the cult classic James
Cameron's gigantic is back on the big
screen
first of all I knew for a fact that
Cameron's classic movie was Titanic not
some gigantic and secondly it was first
shown in 1997 which was already 22 years
ago
so why the anniversary I stopped a
passerby and asked him if there was some
mistake he only looked at me as if I
were a lunatic and said there hadn't
been any Titanic neither a movie nor a
crash she sailed on to New York without
any trouble and surf for another 20
years after that the gigantic on the
other hand sank on her maiden trip in
1913 having crashed into an iceberg
that was when I realized it wasn't some
prank I somehow ended up in a parallel
world I'd heard about this before
there's a theory of multiverse which
states that there's an infinite number
of universes that exist parallel to each
other and never meet hypothetically
anything that could happen well could
happen in a parallel universe and the
one I found myself in for example
everything was the same but the tragedy
of the Titanic to say I was amazed it
would be a huge understatement so I did
what I thought was only natural I
pressed the button again the same
feeling of being jerked up overwhelming
and the next moment I got to another
world this time it was very different I
was in the middle of a busy highway
instead of a modest backstreet and most
importantly many of the cars were flying
above the roll
there were several skyscrapers nearby
and from the top of one of them a jet
powered shuttle was starting into the
sky I rushed for a newspaper stand
after a brief search I understood that
John F Kennedy had survived in 1963 and
history changed his course for the
better so that's what it would look like
if there was no Lee Harvey Oswald by
then I was already too excited to see
what else there was in parallel
universes I pressed the button and
welcomed the familiar tug hey what's
this where am I oh I get it
it's the Simpsons universe you know I
always wanted to do that one thing I
wonder where I can find Homer ah there
he is
hi there big fan nice to meet you never
mind just let me pat you on the tummy
big guy oh yeah thanks bye
[Music]
whoo that was mind-blowing now we're in
the multi world was I this time
something was wrong the road was there
but it wasn't paved and the houses
looked too medieval I guess they were
made of stone and the walls were so
thick it seemed as if they had been
built for protection rather than comfort
I walked to the nearest house and
stopped in my tracks when all of a
sudden a rider came from around the
corner he wasn't on a horse though he
was sitting astride a dinosaur saddle
reins and all that I made a few more
steps and saw that a bit further away
there was a triceratops
I was sure then it was a universe where
there had been no Cataclysm that made
dinosaurs extinct hmm it wasn't that bad
by the looks of it you know after all
humans still won the race for survival
the technological progress was obviously
far slower though so I guess I wouldn't
have liked it there anyways next
destination was Hey something happened
to me why am I so 3d how my arm it just
fell off
can somebody please help me reattach my
arm anyone what's this book one thousand
ways to use a glue gun a glue gun right
that's exactly what I need
where do I take one oh here it is thank
you whoever you are now they're blowing
some hot glue onto my arm and carefully
attaching it back to my body whoo as
good as new
thanks again gentle giant I think I'd
rather go to the next world until I lose
some other part of my body
huh its water all around now nothing but
the endless ocean in every direction I
wonder what could have happened here to
cause this wait it looks like our past
video about it's a Megalodon click out
of here those universes were becoming
crazier the further I went the following
one was the South Park universe well who
said it was impossible that a cartoon
world could exist as a separate entity
anyway
I found myself watching how Cartman and
Kenny were hiding behind a tree and
apparently waiting for something well a
huge bear was approaching them from
behind I had no desire to see what would
happen to Kenny in the next few seconds
not Cartman though he'd survive as
always and found myself on the busiest
street ever there wasn't even room
enough to breathe freely let alone move
around so many people and cars come on
where was I
and strangely everyone I saw around me
was quite young
none older than 25 or so I struggled to
find my way out of the crowd but fail in
the end I just tug someone on the sleeve
and asked them why there was such a mass
of people here the person replied it was
because of the cure for aging humans had
finally found a way to stop growing
older becoming virtually immortal and
that led to an enormous demographic boom
says people now lived almost forever the
planet quickly became overpopulated
well I guess it's the price of eternal
life
moving on then
[Music]
Hey what the am i being crafted again no
this is different
everything's made of blocks looks like
some kind of a computer game oh and
there's someone I can talk to hey um
blue guy do you know what this world is
about by any chance no you're not a
talkative type are you by the way is
that your friend behind you
that green blocky thing I don't like
that hissing sound it makes
yikes oh that hurt I was lucky to have
press the button before it blasted me
away okay let's see where I am now
another cartoon world this time it's the
Family Guy and Peter Griffin in the
flesh
I've already patted Homer Simpson on the
tummy can I do the same thing with you
perhaps for collection thanks awesome
um this setting reminds me of something
it's as if I saw all this traveling
through the universe of stuff here well
maybe it's just deja vu clicking on and
finally I'm here yep here in your world
why did you think I was a light ball for
no good reason
of course I'm from a parallel universe I
just liked it so much that I decided to
stay for a while I hope it's okay with
you guys anyway I've got a question for
you how else do you think could the
history of our world have changed if
some events had or hadn't happened share
your theories down in the comments hey
if I managed to give you some
interesting info today then give this
video a like and share it with a friend
but don't you go time and space
traveling just yet we have over 2000
cool videos for you to check out just
click on this left or right video and
enjoy remember stay on the bright side
of life